00000000, 00012DFB, 00000000, 00000000, 000187E7
0, 77307, 0, 0, 100327
-------------------------
   VIRGINIA TECH CHOOSES COMMODORE
         FOR UNIX PLATFORM
  REPLACES MAC AS REQUIRED MACHINE
    FOR COMPUTER SCIENCE MAJORS

WEST CHESTER, PA., August 7, 1990
Commodore Business Machines, Inc.
launched its effort to bring UNIX into
education with the delivery of its
first order of UNIX-based Amiga
computers to Virginia Polytechnic
Institute and State University
(Virginia Tech).

The university, which for the last
three years has required incoming
computer science majors to buy Apple's
Macintosh running A/UX, chose instead
Commodore's Amiga 3000 with AT&T's
UNIX System V.4 operating system after
seeing the power and capabilities of
the new Commodore Amiga 3000 with a
UNIX implementation.

Virginia Tech's purchase comes during
the product's beta test phase, in
preparation for this fall's worldwide
Amiga 3000 UNIX launch. Following that
launch, Amiga UNIX platforms will be
made available to the education
community at large.

"This is a significant win for
Commodore, because it clearly
demonstrates the power and
price-perfomance superiority of the
Amiga 3000," said Howard Diamond,
Commodore's Director of Education.
"The marriage of the Amiga and V.4
technology is an exciting development
for us and for our customers in higher
education and other markets," he
added.

"Commodore's UNIX passed every one of
our tests," said Dr. James Arthur,
chairman of the computer science
department's selection committee.
"From the Amiga technology to V.4
delivery to the Amiga's unbeatable
price performance, Amiga UNIX was the
clear choice for our department. We're
also very pleased with Commodore's
willingness to work closely with us
to produce a solution tailored to our
needs."

UNIX technology is significant because
it establishes common standards for
the exchange of information between
dissimilar jardware systems, an
especially critical need for computer
science and other university
departments.

Commodore's configuration is also
important because version V.4's "open
system" integrates into one package
all the features of the various UNIX
technologies and is expected by many
to become the standard to which future
systems will comply. In fact, over 150
companies have declared their support
for V.4.

Since 1985, Virginia Tech has required
its incoming computer science students
to purchase a personal computer. UNIX
was selected as the operating system
standard because it provides an ideal

  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">