00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00000000, 00067CE0
0, 0, 0, 0, 425184
-------------------------
  COMMODORE SIGNS RETAIL AGREEMENT
   WITH GENERAL COMPUTER CENTERS

WEST CHESTER, Pa, -December 6, 1989-
Commodore Business Machines today
announced it has signed a twelve
month, multi-million reseller
agreement with General Computer
Centers, a regional retail dealer
based in Pennsylvania.

The announcement is the second major
reseller agreement the company has
signed in the last three months. In
September, Commodore announced it had
signed a reseller agreement with
Connecting Point of America, the
nation's fastest growing franchisor
with more than 325 retail outlets
nationwide.

General Computer is the leading
computer retailer in eastern
Pennsylvania, operating 13 computer
outlets throughout Pennsylvania and
Delaware. The company, which reported
sales of over $25 million in 1989,
offers computer merchandise and
service to a variety of different
markets, including government,
corporate, small business and
education. It has an out bound sales
force in each of its target markets.

"General Computer typifies the caliber
of reseller we are working to attract
as we continue to expand our product
lines," said Ken Weber, Commodore Vice
President of Sales. "We expect sales
of our high-performance, low-cost
Amiga products to be strong."

Commodore's new management team, which
President Harold Copperman assembled
after joining the company last April,
is aggressively pursuing the business,
consumer, education and government
markets. An important part of
Copperman's strategy includes
re-building Commodore's dealer
network.

"The Amiga line is superb," said Ralf
Bzura, president of General Computer.
"Coupled with the added exposure
afforded by Commodore's new ad
campaign, we believe carrying the
Commodore's Amiga products provides
General Computer stores with a unique
opportunity to increase sales
overall."

Commodore Business Machines, Inc.,
based in West Chester, Pa.,
manufactures and markets a complete
line of computers and peripherals for
the business, education, government
and consumer markets.

The multi-tasking Amiga line includes
the Commodore Amiga 500 (TM), the
Commodore Amiga 2000 (TM) and three
enhanced products: The Commodore Amiga
2000HD (TM), the Commodore Amiga 2500
(TM) and the Commodore Amiga 2500/30
(TM). Commodore's line of MS-DOS (R)
compatible computers includes the Colt
(TM) and Professional Series III (TM).

MS-DOS is a registered trademark of
Microsoft Inc.


          <PRESS F5 FOR MENU>