00000000, 000C2C67, 00000000, 00000000, 000CE670
0, 797799, 0, 0, 845424
-------------------------
        COMMODORE UNVEILS NEW
  AMIGAVISION (TM) AUTHORING SYSTEM;
   INNOVATIVE TOOL PROVIDES KEY TO
       MULTIMEDIA APPLICATIONS

    (Expected ship date: May 1990)

NEW YORK, NY --April 24, 1990--
Commodore Business Machines President
Harold Copperman today strengthened
the company's leadership position in
the multimedia market by introducing
powerful multimedia authoring
software. The system can be used to
create innovative applications ranging
from complex business presentations to
daily courseware.

Commodore Vice President of Marketing
C. Lloyd Mahaffey said the new
software system, called AmigaVision
(TM), significantly expands the
multimedia market by providing an easy
to use and affordable method for
business, education, government and
consumer users to develop new
applications by creatively combining
graphics, text, video and audio
components. Shipping is expected to
begin in May.

The announcement was made as part of a
live multimedia presentation at the
Palladium. The company also introduced
the latest in its Amiga (R) family of
computers, the Amiga 3000, and a full
line of networking products.

Previously the domain of programmer-
level professional users, multimedia
can now be a tool for creative
teachers, presentation professionals,
computer-based trainers, instruction
specialists as well as exhibit and
display professionals. AmigaVision
does not require previous programming
experience and is operable through an
intuitive user interface.

Mahaffey said the Amiga is the only
computer that was originally designed
as a multimedia class machine.

"AmigaVision is a significant
development in multimedia," said Tim
Bajarin, vice president of Creative
Strategies International, a Santa
Clara, Calif.-based research firm, and
publisher of MULTIMEDIA COMPUTING AND
PRESENTATIONS. "With today's round of
announcements, Commodore is positioned
to make a major play for PC sales
withing this growing market."

David Archambault, director of
business markets, said AmigaVision
takes full advantage of the Amiga's
built-in graphics, video and music
capabilities. The system uses the
Amiga's native multitasking capability
to allow users to run programs
simultaneously. Unlike other authoring
systems, AmigaVision is a
non-intrusive environment which allows
applications to run without the
AmigaVision menus being visible.
Enhanced design capabilities allow for
immediate on-screen preview while the
presentation program is running. This
allows the user to create unique user
interface elements quickly and with

  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">