00000000, 00069E20, 00000000, 00000000, 0006AF62
0, 433696, 0, 0, 438114
-------------------------
COMMODORE BUSINESS MACHINES, INC.
          BACKGROUNDER

Since naming 22-year industry veteran
Harold D. Copperman President and
Chief Operating Officer of Commodore
Business Machines Inc. in April, the
company has moved aggrressively to
rejuvinate a number of key marketing
initiatives, including consumer sales,
business, education and government.

Central to Copperman's strategy has
been to recruit a cadre of creative
and experienced computer industry
executives, including Vice
President-Marketing C. Lloyd Mahhaffey
who formerly directed Apple's
education and government marketing
efforts.

Copperman then appointed former Casio
executive Bob Larson for Vice
President-Consumer Sales and former
Apple colleague and University of
Illinois vice chancellor Howard
Diamond Director of Education. Randall
Griffin left Compputer Sciences
Corporation to join the company to
head its newly establish Federal
Systems Group.

Jeff Scherb, formerly Vice President,
Database and Data Communications
Development at Cullinet Software, and
Walter Simpson, Director of Product
Marketing at Prime Computer, joined
the team recently as Vice President of
Commodore's Application and Technical
Support (CATS) group and Director of
Product Marketing respectively.

In September Copperman followed
through with his pledge to expand the
reach of Commodore's distribution
channels by announcing a major retail
reseller agreement with Connecting
Point of America, Inc., to warehouse,
redistribute and sell all Commodore
Amiga and PC line hardware products.
Other similar announcements are
imminent.

While the company places particular
emphasis on its Amiga line of personal
computers, it continues to actively
support its entire family of machines.
They include the powerful MS-DOS (R)
compatible line and the popular 64
(R)/128 (TM) line.


THE AMIGA LINE


The multimedia-oriented Amiga family
of compputers combines versatility and
affordability with powerful sound,
color, video and animation
capabilities for a wide variety of
applications, including desktop
publishing, graphic design, music,
video, and interactive applications.

Commodore's powerful Amiga computers
are also distinguished by their
advanced multi-tasking operating
system. This allows the user to
operate more than one program
simultaneously, such as running a
telecommunications program, printing

  <PRESS F7 & SELECT "GET NEXT ITEM">